Things sure are peaceful.
When you see scenery like this,
it's hard to believe the Devil King's army
is causing trouble in the capital.
If things proceed with no trouble, we should
be in Axel in time for lunch tomorrow.
I know they taught you not to say stuff
that sets flags like that at school!
It was even in a collection
of phrases to avoid!
I wouldn't worry.
By my calculations, we have less than a
0.1% chance of being attacked by monsters.
I just told you to stop!
You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?
I honestly don't think there's
anything to worry about.
Most monsters wouldn't dare
attack a group this large.
I-I guess you're right.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 9: Destroyer from the Crimson Demon Village
Hey, Megumin, let me sit by the window, too.
You are so excited.
That's rather childish, Yunyun.
But we agreed to swap spots every
hour, and you haven't budged once!
I've only experienced about
ten minutes of time passing.
What sense does that make?!
Wow! A bunch of Lizard Runners are
fighting over a female by racing!
Let's see which one comes out on top!
Come on, switch with me!
Come on, come on, come on, come on,
switch, please! I wanna see, too!
Would you please control yourself?!
Miss, would you like to switch seats with me?
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Are you two headed for Axel?
Y-Yes.
If that's where you're going, I take
it you both want to be adventurers?
Yes, I do.
Wait, Yunyun, are you planning
on becoming an adventurer?
You mentioned training before...
I-I guess so? That's probably
the way to go about it...
First thing will be finding
companions, then.
That's a must for us.
I-I-It can be kind of inconvenient
on your own, yeah.
S-So, Megumin...
W-Would...
Having two spell casters in the same
party is a bit unbalanced, though.
R-Right? It wouldn't be balanced!
Here's hoping we can both find good parties.
Y-Yeah! Here's hoping! That'd be nice.
You girls seem like such good friends.
We've just been stuck together, that's all.
Those red eyes...
Are you two Crimson Demons?
I wouldn't worry. You'll have
your pick of the crowd in Axel.
Crimson Demons?
They have a lot of magic power,
and use really amazing magic!
Wow, you're amazing?
Indeed!
I, in particular, am an arch wizard known as
the foremost prodigy among the Crimson Demons!
Even if we come under monster attack,
you can consider yourselves in good hands!
Seriously... I keep asking you not to set—
We've got monsters!
What did I tell you?!
I asked you not to set flags like that!
Th-This is not my fault!
Sorry to bother you!
You girls are Crimson Demons, right?
We could use your help!
There are lot of monsters out here.
We could use help from some
Crimson Demon masters!
"Master"?!
Very well! I'll make quick
work of these monsters!
Wha—Why are you suddenly so fired up?!
He called us masters! It makes
us sound like expert bodyguards!
All right, masters, we're counting on you!
There's a whole bunch of them, but they
should be a cinch for masters like you!
We're fighting for the dignity
of the Crimson Demons.
Come, let the battle be joined!
I am called Megumin! Let all who wish
to be reduced to a crater step—
That's a giant earthworm, a weak monster!
Its attacks are weak, but it's
resilient and hard to kill.
As long as you don't get swallowed whole—
Nightfall that foretells the final
twilight of all creation...
Let the imprisonment of annihilation—
H-Hang on!
I get how you feel, I really do,
but you'll hit everyone else, too!
Please, let me go! Let me
obliterate these freaky things!
It's looking right at us!
It's heading this way!
I-I-I'll figure something out!
It's coming right for us!
Fireball!
With a single attack? Damn!
This should be easy!
There are lots more left,
so we're counting on you!
M-M-M-Monsters like this are no match
for a sorcerer of my caliber!
Guess I'll go protect the coach...
Can't a sorcerer of your caliber
do something about this?!
Ew! There are so many!
Come on, Megumin!
Please, Megumin! Don't leave—
Now that was a performance
worthy of a Crimson Demon.
Tell me about it.
N-No, it wasn't anything special...
You've been a genuine
lifesaver, Miss Yunyun.
I'd love to thank you once we reach Axel.
I-I didn't do that much...
Here you go, Master! Eat plenty
and recover your magic power!
Th-Thank you very much.
I gotta say, your magic was
really something, Yunyun!
Maybe you should start calling
yourself the foremost spell caster
among the Crimson Demons!
Are you okay, miss? Were you hurt?
Oh, no.
Hey, you're actually stronger
than the ribbon lady, right?
That's right.
Then we'll be okay even if more,
stronger monsters show up!
Indeed! If that happens, I'll show
you magic that guarantees victory!
I can't wait to see that!
What are you doing?
Megumin.
I'm... helping keep watch.
Is that right?
Hey, I did a pretty good job today, right?
Are you mocking my complete
lack of contribution?
N-No!
It's just, y'know, I didn't stand
out much in the village, right?
Correct. I often wondered if you were
using a Lurk skill, to be honest.
You are just...
Well, my point is, after helping out today
and having people rely on me...
I feel a little more confident.
I wanted to wait until I learned
advanced magic before asking, but...
Hey, Megumin, if you don't
mind... would you...
like to join me in a—
Well, she sure was carried away with ease.
Do you think it'd work in a dating context?
Obviously not!
Giant Bats! It's a whole
colony of Giant Bats!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
That was a close one.
M-Magic power... No more magic power...
Well done.
You certainly stole the show, didn't you?
Could you... help out... a little?
You've saved us all again, Miss Yunyun!
If you're going to Axel, that means
you're looking for a party, right?
Would you care to join ours?
H-Huh?
Looks like your party problem
has already been solved.
Good for you.
B-But I...
What was the other Crimson Demon girl doing?
She was just loafing around
this afternoon, too...
Since we're both Crimson Demons...
And we know each other pretty well...
I'm sure she was just
protecting the carriages.
But don't you think she would've
fired off at least one spell?
Plus, you're gonna be all
alone at this rate...
If you don't mind, Megumin,
I wouldn't have any problems with
us being in the same party...
I'm going to bed now.
Would you just listen to me?!
Megumin!
Such bad manners.
I don't have all my magic power back
yet... What do you want from me?
Some more monsters attacked
last night, right?
Did you fight, too?
I'm something of a weapon
of last resort, you see.
I'll be up once a real threat appears!
Which is why I had my underling
clear out the weaklings last night.
I'm not your underling!
But I'm pretty certain there won't
be further monster attacks.
Why, I'd wager we're more likely to see
jelly slime rain from the sky first.
Seriously, cut it out.
Haven't you ever heard "If it happens
twice, it can happen a third time"?
Ever the worrywart, Yunyun.
G-Goblins! It's a gaggle of goblins!
Let the master know!
Get her, quickly!
You're up, master!
Master! Master! Master!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Here we go...
N-No more... I seriously can't keep this up...
A force like this stood little
chance against us Crimson Demons.
Don't try to sum it up like you helped!
Not when I'm totally exhausted!
So many attacks in such
a short period of time...
Still, we're nearly to
our destination, Axel.
We should be able to relax from here on out.
When you say stuff like that...
Cursed Lightning!
Wh-What was that?!
You seem awfully tired.
This time, Lady Wolbach is coming with me!
Arnes!
Obstinate to a fault.
This cat's name is Chomusuke, and it's mine.
Why not just give up already?
You're the only one who
should give anything up.
And since we've already made an exchange,
if you refuse to return Lady Wolbach,
you should give my money back.
I-I-I-I will not be extorted
by the likes of you!
The Axis sect taught me that it's totally
fine to ignore and otherwise break
any kind of bargains involving demons!
That was low, even for you.
This is why humans can't be trusted.
There used to be a service where we
would exchange services for souls,
but you people would always come
up with some ridiculous excuse
to get out of paying after
your wish was granted...
Or you would ask for something
ridiculous in the first place.
Humans should live more honest lives!
Didn't expect a demon to
take the moral high ground.
Honestly, the money wouldn't
make a difference.
I have a mission that means I must take Lady
Wolbach back, by any means necessary.
Say your prayers.
Surround her!
Stand aside.
I have no use for you pests.
I-I won't let you hurt them!
Spare me the transparent bravado.
I've already confirmed your
magic power is spent.
Then those giant worms,
and all the other monsters...
You noticed?
Yes, those were just my
way of paying you back!
Damn you! People thought I was
useless because of that!
Yes, that's what I've been wanting to see!
After the humiliation
you've put me through...
It's time to finally settle the score!
That's one thing we agree on!
And now you're going to taste my fury!
How, exactly?
You're a runt who can't even use magic.
A little more clever than
most, but that's all.
A runt—no, less than that. You're useless!
A Crimson Demon in name only!
Megumin isn't useless!
She's way more amazing than me!
Sh-She'll defeat you!
The useful one is out of magic power,
and I don't sense any useless
men that can darken my day.
There is no chance at all of a Crimson
Demon-in-name-only having a chance
against me at my best—
I wouldn't say that.
Saying things like "There's no way
I can lose" sets a flag, apparently.
A clichéd one spouted by only the
most pitiful weaklings, at that.
Where's this bluster come from?
You think I'm all talk?
Then I'll have to show you otherwise!
You need Chomusuke no matter what, right?
Well, if you want her so bad...
Go get her!
What is wrong with you?!
Lady Wolbach!
Light of dawn that pierces the gray.
Breath of giants that sweeps the wilderness.
In accordance with my pact,
let the crimson sinner—
Don't! Stop!
Get off me! You're keeping me from
blowing away that chunky demon!
No! You're gonna blow Chomusuke away, too!
She's my familiar!
It's natural that she be
sacrificed to save her master!
We can make a grave later—
I am not letting go! Never!
Megumin, you monster!
O my dark goddess,
mistress of sloth and violence...
From beyond the seven doors of the abyss,
grant me the power to sink the sky!
Huh?
That bracelet...
That's one of my father's!
Thank you for your purchase!
Is it this?
Is it because of this thing?!
Thanks for your purchase!
You wretch...
You're their daughter?!
You stupid, stupid, stupid Megumin!
You made it even worse!
I-I'm just trying to be a
grateful Crimson Demon!
I will never let you escape!
I'll see your soul reduced to cinders!
There's nothing we can do about that!
Oh god, or gods! Goddess of luck, Eris!
You're a Crimson Demon!
Pray to a destroyer god or something!
Cowardly and repugnant humans!
You will pay for your sins!
Gods, if we can all survive this,
I swear I'll find a way to teach Megumin
how to act like a human being!
I'm begging you—
Cut that out! The world isn't convenient
enough for that kind of last-minute nonsense!
Please! Please, save us!
The nameless evil god sealed in
the village! Destroyer gods!
And divine Eris!
Even the goddess of water, Aqua!
Wh-What is this incredible magic power?
No... it's a divine aura.
So much divinity... I-It couldn't be...
I-Impossible!
Ow.
Wh-What?
That's...
The greatest and most
powerful spell of all...
Explosion magic.
Well, I should apologize for
saying you're all talk.
Why don't you tell me your name, young lady?
I am called Megumin!
The foremost prodigy and spell caster
among Crimson Demons,
wielder of explosion magic!
I see.
You really are an oddball, aren't you?!
Cursed Lightning!
Explosion!
This hell ends now, Arnes!
Forgive me, my mistress.
But I know you will be restored one day.
M-Megumin!
Now that was quite the display!
Yes, I was certain all along that you
were a master magus, Miss Megumin!
Oh, of course. I truly am the foremost
Crimson Demon spell caster.
You really are amazing,
lady! That was so cool!
Thank you for saving my
mom and everyone else!
Sure.
What is it? Why are you staring?
You really are impressive, Megumin.
What brought that on?
Because it's true.
Beating a demon like that...
It should be obvious that I'm impressive.
Y'know, I think you should forget
about that stuff I said last night.
What?
D-Don't get me wrong! It's not that
I don't want to be in the same party!
It's just that...
I feel like I'm just gonna be
in your way at this rate.
Which is why...
I'm going to train a lot, and once I learn
advanced magic, then we can settle things!
And then...
That's fine by me.
Granted, no amount of training
will result in anything other than
you crying tears of frustration.
Keep talking!
I'm gonna get so strong,
you'll be asking for my help!
There it is, folks!
This is where it starts for us.
The town for beginner adventurers, Axel!
Next Episode Preview
Episode 10: "Outlaws of the Town for Beginners"
Big trouble, Megumin...
Finding companions is seriously big trouble.
It seems making your debut as an adventurer
is more complicated than I imagined.
How is having powerful magic a problem?!
Usability, for one thing.
N-Next time, we'll hit your ennui with an...
Explosion!